c:\users\y\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OXamarin\OXamarin\OXamarin\obj\Debug\OXamarin.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\y\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OXamarin\OXamarin\OXamarin\obj\Debug\OXamarin.Views.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\y\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OXamarin\OXamarin\OXamarin\obj\Debug\OXamarin.dll
c:\users\y\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OXamarin\OXamarin\OXamarin\obj\Debug\OXamarin.pdb
c:\users\y\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OXamarin\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\OXamarin.dll
c:\users\y\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OXamarin\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\OXamarin.pdb
c:\users\y\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OXamarin\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\y\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OXamarin\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\y\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OXamarin\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Prism.dll
c:\users\y\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OXamarin\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Prism.Forms.dll
c:\users\y\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OXamarin\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Prism.Unity.Forms.dll
c:\users\y\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OXamarin\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\y\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OXamarin\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\y\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OXamarin\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\y\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OXamarin\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\y\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OXamarin\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\y\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OXamarin\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\y\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OXamarin\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Prism.xml
c:\users\y\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OXamarin\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Prism.Forms.xml
c:\users\y\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OXamarin\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Prism.Unity.Forms.xml
c:\users\y\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OXamarin\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Prism.Unity.Forms.dll.config
c:\users\y\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OXamarin\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\y\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OXamarin\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\y\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OXamarin\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\y\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OXamarin\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\y\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OXamarin\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\y\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OXamarin\OXamarin\OXamarin\obj\Debug\OXamarin.dll.mdb
c:\users\y\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OXamarin\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\OXamarin.dll.mdb
C:\Users\y\Documents\GitHub\listview-command\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\OXamarin.dll
C:\Users\y\Documents\GitHub\listview-command\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\OXamarin.pdb
C:\Users\y\Documents\GitHub\listview-command\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\y\Documents\GitHub\listview-command\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\y\Documents\GitHub\listview-command\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Prism.dll
C:\Users\y\Documents\GitHub\listview-command\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Prism.Forms.dll
C:\Users\y\Documents\GitHub\listview-command\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Prism.Unity.Forms.dll
C:\Users\y\Documents\GitHub\listview-command\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Users\y\Documents\GitHub\listview-command\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
C:\Users\y\Documents\GitHub\listview-command\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
C:\Users\y\Documents\GitHub\listview-command\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\y\Documents\GitHub\listview-command\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\y\Documents\GitHub\listview-command\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\y\Documents\GitHub\listview-command\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Prism.xml
C:\Users\y\Documents\GitHub\listview-command\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Prism.Forms.xml
C:\Users\y\Documents\GitHub\listview-command\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Prism.Unity.Forms.xml
C:\Users\y\Documents\GitHub\listview-command\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Prism.Unity.Forms.dll.config
C:\Users\y\Documents\GitHub\listview-command\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
C:\Users\y\Documents\GitHub\listview-command\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
C:\Users\y\Documents\GitHub\listview-command\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
C:\Users\y\Documents\GitHub\listview-command\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
C:\Users\y\Documents\GitHub\listview-command\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Users\y\Documents\GitHub\listview-command\OXamarin\OXamarin\obj\Debug\OXamarin.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\y\Documents\GitHub\listview-command\OXamarin\OXamarin\obj\Debug\OXamarin.App.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\y\Documents\GitHub\listview-command\OXamarin\OXamarin\obj\Debug\OXamarin.Views.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\y\Documents\GitHub\listview-command\OXamarin\OXamarin\obj\Debug\OXamarin.dll
C:\Users\y\Documents\GitHub\listview-command\OXamarin\OXamarin\obj\Debug\OXamarin.pdb
C:\Users\y\Documents\GitHub\listview-command\OXamarin\OXamarin\obj\Debug\OXamarin.dll.mdb
C:\Users\y\Documents\GitHub\listview-command\OXamarin\OXamarin\bin\Debug\OXamarin.dll.mdb
